codepen link:
https://codepen.io/MarlonReid718/pen/KKNJKvj
Questions
1. What is Semantic HTML? It is to reinforce the information to define its presentation.
    2. What is HTML used for? its used to structure a web page and its content.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? An attribute is to define additional characteristics. We put it in the opening tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?H1 tag is used for an important header. You should only use it once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes Image and Source.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?<!DOCTYPE HTML> 
    7. What is an id? ID is used to specify a style in a style sheet. 
    8. What elements can I add an id to? All HTML elements.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? Only once per page.
    10. What is a class? Its a program code template for creating objects.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? Any HTML element.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? You could use the same class with different HTML elements.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab? By using the anchor element.
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? To add text description to an image. 
    15. How do I reference an id? By using a hash tag.
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div. The difference is section groups the content inside and a div does not convey.
    17. What is CSS used for? To describe presentation of web pages usig color,layouts,and fonts.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one Id's are used to identify one element and a class is used to identify more than one element.An example of using an id would be styling an <h1> header using a hash character #myheader to style your head section. An example using a class would be having three <div> elements and giving them a "city" value to give all 3 <div> elements style.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS? By giving the classes a dot.
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?You have to give an id to the p element.
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? It is a selector that selects all elements that are a direct child of specified element.This could be useful if you want to style a child paragraph. 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar? By using .sidebar selectors.
    24. What is a pseudo selector?It is used to define a special state of an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines? By using the CSS property line-height.
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?By using the CSS letter-spacing property.
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize? Text-Transform.
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black? By usng a border-width and a border-style.
    29. How do I select everything on the page? select the HTMLInputELement.select() method.
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS? By usig a single-line comment /*        */
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? Type the command pwd and then press enter.
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder? Enter DIR without quotes.
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? Using the del command. You must be carfeul because you could potentially delete everything.
    34. Why should I use version control? To keep track of changes and to keep all team memebers working off the latest version.
    35. How often should I commit to github?Very often.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? git add
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

